---
layout: post
title: My first impressions on the Cloud Development Kit for Terraform, Failure 
date: 2020-11-20 15:53 +0700
tags:
 - cdk 
 - rant  
---
   Released in the early summer of 2020, the CDKTF is similar to CDK(Cloud development kit), but for Terraform. These toolkits allow you to provision infrastructure in your own favorite programming language! Gone are the days where you have to provision infrastructure in YAML(yuck) or JSON. These tools are the successors of infrastructure as code: they ARE infrastructure is code. Anyways you can read more about the benefits of these tools somewhere else, I was very excited to see the launch of CDKTF and immediately needed to play around with it just a bit, and so I did.. until... 95% into the tutorial, I encounter a dreaded `npm run build error` . It turned out that the error was so new that not even the search results could find anything helpful :/


I didn't give up easily. I spent an hour installing the tool with different package managers, running in sudo, ensuring the correct runtime versions for each tool(Nodejs,NPM,Terraform) was used and so on. Finally I gave up with a horrifying thought: *If I couldn't even get the damm tool installed on my box, and if I tried to muscle my way through the installation, what other challenges were lurking down the road?*

Sometimes it is better just to ditch tools altogether if they don't work out of the box, and in my particular case, wait till the tools become stable. And this exactly why I'm such a big proponent of Docker, just push an image out to dockerhub, and anyone can pull it down knowing that there will be no time wasted in configuring/installing and all that crap. 
 
Alas, I'll continue to keep a keen eye on the internet for a fix for my peculiar problem, It would have been fun to taste the future but I'm sure a fix will be implemented soon! 


P.s, you can try out the tutorial [here](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/cdktf-install). 
Fingers crossed that you can install it


